README.md, before:

# mic-app

mic-app is a minimal voice‑notes app and the first step in a workflow where Claude can act on your recordings (transcribe, summarize, tag, and trigger follow‑up actions). The goal is to capture audio quickly, sync it, and use it as a lightweight input to an automated “do‑stuff‑for‑me” pipeline.

## Development
- Start the dev server: `npm run start`
- Push schema changes: `npx instant-cli push`
- Pull schema changes: `npx instant-cli pull`

## Build an Android APK (EAS)
This project uses Expo Application Services (EAS) to build APKs in the cloud.

1) Install and log in to EAS:
```
npm i -g eas-cli
eas login
```

2) Build an APK (internal distribution):
```
eas build -p android --profile preview
```

3) When the build finishes, download the APK from the build page link printed by the command.

Notes:
- If you don’t have an `eas.json` yet, `eas build` will generate one and prompt to create/link a project.
- The `preview` profile is set up for internal distribution (APK).

## App configuration
Icons, splash, and adaptive icons live in `assets/images/` and are referenced from `app.json`.

Got any feedback or questions? Join our [Discord](https://discord.gg/hgVf9R6SBm)

Got any feedback or questions? Join our [Discord](https://discord.gg/hgVf9R6SBm)

Commit message:

docs: add iOS install guidance

README.md, after:

# mic-app

mic-app is a minimal voice‑notes app and the first step in a workflow where Claude can act on your recordings (transcribe, summarize, tag, and trigger follow‑up actions). The goal is to capture audio quickly, sync it, and use it as a lightweight input to an automated “do‑stuff‑for‑me” pipeline.

## Development
- Start the dev server: `npm run start`
- Push schema changes: `npx instant-cli push`
- Pull schema changes: `npx instant-cli pull`

## Build an Android APK (EAS)
This project uses Expo Application Services (EAS) to build APKs in the cloud.

1) Install and log in to EAS:
```
npm i -g eas-cli
eas login
```

2) Build an APK (internal distribution):
```
eas build -p android --profile preview
```

3) When the build finishes, download the APK from the build page link printed by the command.

Notes:
- If you don’t have an `eas.json` yet, `eas build` will generate one and prompt to create/link a project.
- The `preview` profile is set up for internal distribution (APK).

## Install on iOS (EAS)
The closest APK‑equivalent on iOS is an **.ipa** built for **internal (ad‑hoc) distribution**. That installs directly on registered devices without going through TestFlight.

1) Build an internal .ipa:
```
eas build -p ios --profile preview
```

2) When prompted, let EAS create/sign credentials and register device UDIDs.
3) Install from the build page link that EAS prints.

TestFlight is the Apple‑approved beta distribution path (requires App Store Connect). Use it when you want external testers:
```
eas build -p ios --profile production
eas submit -p ios --latest
```

Notes:
- You’ll need an Apple Developer account for iOS builds.
- `app.json` includes the iOS bundle ID: `com.yazinsai.micapp`.

## App configuration
Icons, splash, and adaptive icons live in `assets/images/` and are referenced from `app.json`.

Got any feedback or questions? Join our [Discord](https://discord.gg/hgVf9R6SBm)

Got any feedback or questions? Join our [Discord](https://discord.gg/hgVf9R6SBm)
